- [Pedro speaking]
- [Alejandro] How you doing bro?
[Pedro speaking]
[Alejandro speaking]
Hey, hey, hey.
[in Spanish]
[Coraima in Spanish]
- [River speaking]
- [Megan] Thank you.
[River] So I have met someone.
A woman named Megan
who looks like heaven.
And I had never really brought
anybody home to,
like, meet, like, my family.
- Ever?
- Uh-uh.
- [woman speaking]
- [in Spanish]
[Pedro speaking]
[in Spanish]
[Jah] We follow a,
uh, biblical diet.
[Karen] Jah adopted
this new religion.
And convinced Winter to follow.
[Chantel] I don't believe that
God's gonna send you to hell
- for eating a shrimp, so...
- [woman] I don't think so either.
You eat a bottom-feeder,
you think like a bottom-feeder.
Who are you saying thinks
like a bottom-feeder?
[upbeat music playing]
[Jah] We're waiting on you,
Chantel.
I'm ready, all packed up.
South Carolina turned out
to be a pretty good trip
even though Jah was there
and the dynamic of the trip
just completely changed.
Learning this stuff
about my family
makes me feel
more connected to them.
This experience has definitely
brought us closer together.
- [woman] Right.
- Let's go.
- [Jah] Let's head out.
- [Winter] Okay.
- I'll open the door.
- [Chantel] All right.
[Winter] Last night's dinner
did not go as planned.
- Oh, my gosh.
- I should have stayed back here at the house.
It was definitely
a stressful situation.
It's like they're
constantly casting
too much judgment, I would say.
- I'mma go to my car, mom.
- [Karen] Okay, then.
[Winter] I should have
communicated better with my family,
but I don't think
that I would have...
I wouldn't change anything,
it was...
it was very refreshing to have
the person that I love
with me during this time.
There was too much energy
back there.
- Too much energy?
- That's right.
- Too much vibration?
- Too much vibrations.
- Thank you.
- [man] You're welcome.
[soft music playing]
[Pedro speaking]
[Chantel] What's that?
Why is your computer
on the floor by the garbage?
- [Pedro speaking] - [Chantel]
Oh my goodness, Pedro.
That's an entirely new computer.
[Pedro] No!
So you mean to tell me
all that stuff lighting up
and zooming all around
the computer was inside there?
[Pedro speaking]
I leave the house
for just a few days
and this is what happens?
[Pedro speaking]
[Chantel] The trip was good,
but Winter brought Jah.
- [Pedro speaking]
- Yes.
Jah was insulting.
He was calling my mom
a bottom-feeder.
- What?
- Yes.
[Pedro speaking]
[Chantel] Yeah,
everybody got rowdy.
[Pedro speaking]
Everybody. Me, too.
Winter didn't defend her mom,
she doesn't defend herself.
I felt like Jah's
mind-controlling her, like...
[Pedro speaking]
[Chantel] So what's up with you?
How was the rest of your trip?
[Pedro speaking]
[Chantel]
What are you stressed about?
[Pedro speaking]
Mmm-hmm.
[in Spanish]
- [Lidia speaking]
- [in Spanish]
[in Spanish]
[Pedro in Spanish]
Does she not want you to meet
with your other side
of the family?
[Pedro speaking]
- [Chantel] You told me your father would come...
- [Pedro speaking]
- Would come to see your mom.
But you never saw him
because it was at night
- and you were asleep.
- [Pedro speaking]
[Chantel]
I mean, after sometime
you don't think that
she would question him
why he's only coming
at nighttime
and why he doesn't live
with them
and spend time
with his children?
[Pedro speaking]
I just wonder if your mom knew
that he had another family.
[Pedro speaking]
I'm asking if...
I'm not asking you
at seven years old,
I'm asking you as a grown up.
Have you talked to your mom
about it?
[Pedro speaking]
- [Chantel] Okay.
- [Pedro speaking]
- But you just... Stop attacking me.
- I'm just trying to understand...
- [Pedro speaking]
and I'm trying to be here
for you,
and I can tell
that you're hurting.
I know it's a tough
subject amor,
so what's the plan?
What do you wanna do now?
[Pedro speaking]
[Chantel] I wanna be
supportive of you
even if I don't understand.
And I don't know how it feels
to feel the pain
that you feel,
but I want you to know
that I'm here to support you
and if that means
going to the DR with you,
I will do that.
[Pedro speaking]
I don't wanna judge your mom.
I think I struck
a nerve with you
and I'm sorry by asking you
about your mom
and your dad's dynamic,
- and I'm sorry.
- All right.
We don't have to talk about it.
[Chantel] Even if you don't
want me to go with you
and meet your family
just to have me
waiting for you
in the hotel room
for you to come home
and just hold you
or have dinner together,
it might be comforting to you.
But if you don't want me
there, I get it,
I'll be waiting for you here.
- Okay?
- [Pedro speaking]
I'm sorry, Pedro.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, baby.
Baby, I will support you
however you want.
I love you.
[Megan] Everybody,
this is River.
And this is Brandi.
[Brandi] When I found out
that River was 23,
living at home with mom,
I thought it was crazy.
What's gonna make it to where
you're going to move out
of your parents' house?
Because, like, honestly,
like, she's not looking
for another kid.
[Nicole in Spanish]
♪ If you wanna go, yeah ♪
♪ You can just go now ♪
[in Spanish]
- [Nicole in Spanish]
- [Lidia in Spanish]
[in Spanish]
[Nicole in Spanish]
Mmm-hmm.
[Lidia in Spanish]
[in Spanish]
- [in Spanish]
- [Lidia in Spanish]
- [Nicole in Spanish]
[Lidia in Spanish]
[in Spanish]
[Nicole in Spanish]
- [in Spanish]
- [Nicole in Spanish]
- [Lidia in Spanish]
- [in Spanish]
[in Spanish]
[upbeat music playing]
[singer] ♪ One of a kind,
I'mma treat you like a lady ♪
♪ Lady ♪
♪ Everyone's watching us ♪
[River] Megan and I
have been talking every day
for a few months and honestly,
like, my feelings for Megan
have grown.
I'm talking, like, I didn't know
I could feel this way
about anybody.
I haven't felt this way ever.
Like, this is new to me.
Tonight, I'm going to meet
Megan's friends
and Megan mentioned to me,
like, uh,
her close friends
are more like her family
so that's why this was really
important to me, you know?
Oh, man.
This is some treacherous
weather right here, man.
It's raining cats
and little Chihuahuas.
I wouldn't say I'm nervous, I'm
just, uh, more anxious, you know?
I kinda want to get it
over with because I know
I'm gonna be in the hot seat.
I'll be the only guy there,
so I know they're gonna probably
have a lot of questions for me
and I don't want
to mansplain anything.
You know, that's the thing.
Girls always think,
somebody's mansplaining [bleep]
so I don't wanna be over here
mansplaining the whole time.
I feel like if I just shut up,
things will be okay.
[upbeat music playing]
- [Megan] Hey. [laughs]
- [River] Damn, you look good.
- [Megan] Thank you.
- [woman] Hey, River.
[River] Hey, how you all
doing? I heard it was, uh...
[Megan] Everybody, this
is River. This is Brandi.
This is Nicole,
and this is Ashley.
- Hi.
- [River] Congratulations.
- What is this?
- [River] Oh, well, you told me that
it was Brandi
and Nicole's birthday
- and they passed. So I decided to get...
- [Megan] Look at you.
A cake or something, you know?
[Brandi] I'll be honest, though.
- I don't like icing, so...
- [River] You don't like icing?
No, I just... Cake by itself.
- Oh, okay.
- [Brandi] No, no, I'm just kidding.
- [River] Oh [bleep] oh [bleep]
- Come here, come here.
- [River] Oh, damn.
- [woman laughs]
[Megan] I think that
meeting my friends
is definitely,
kind of, a big deal.
They're protective of myself
and of my son
just because they know
I haven't been dating.
I haven't been bringing people,
you know, around and it shows me
that he's, like, serious
about me for him
to be willing to come
into a house
full of females
ready to just, like,
ask him questions
about his intentions with me.
So River, these
are my closest friends.
- Nice to meet you.
- [Brandi] How do you feel now?
- I feel good.
- [Ashley] Good? Are you sure?
[Brandi] Let me...
Let me just move this out
- of your eyes really quickly.
- Okay.
Like this. Good. All right.
I can see your eyes.
Do you always touch people's
faces...
-I do -[River] ...when
you first meet them?
[Brandi] I do, especially when
I wanna look at their eyes.
- Okay. That's cool.
- [Brandi] Yeah. Yeah.
[Brandi] When I found out
that River was 23
- living at home with mom...
- [Ashley] Yeah. Yeah.
[Brandi] ...I thought,
like, it was crazy.
I wonder sometimes
if being, you know, 23
if you really know
what you want.
Especially with somebody
who's gonna be with somebody
who's 28 with a child.
Are you ready to take
on that challenge?
[Nicole] Feeling a little
uncomfortable?
- [River] No, I feel fine.
- [Nicole] Sweating a little?
- Maybe a little bit...
- [Nicole] Do you want to take your jacket off?
Uh, no, I think
I'll leave it on.
Let's talk about the real stuff.
[River] Okay.
[Brandi] I hear,
like, you just stay at home,
you know kind of, like,
a mama's boy a little bit.
- [Ashley] Damn, Brandi with the...
- I'm just wondering...
I mean, I'm just wondering because
he lives at home with his mom.
[River] Well, okay,
I will say this,
um, my older brother
you know, he came back
to live with us a few times
and that's because he left
the nest too early.
My sister's the same way.
It happened with
- my older siblings.
- Do you feel like you're leaving
the nest too early,
dating someone who's older?
Uh, I feel like we have
a lot... I have a lot more...
Please don't touch
my face again.
All right. I appreciate it.
Megan's friends, I could tell
they were having a lot of fun
trying to pick on me
a little bit,
but I hope they don't judge me,
uh, because I'm a little
younger than everybody.
I hope they just get
to know me as a person.
And I'm gonna come in there
with open arms,
I'm not gonna come in there
like a closed book.
[Megan] They have a lot
of hard questions to ask.
No, it's fine.
[Brandi] Like, what is your
experience in relationships?
[River] In my past, I never
really had a deep connection
with anybody, honestly.
But Megan is different,
like... She's special to me.
But what makes it different
from any other relationship
that you've been in?
And also, like, what's
going to make it to where
you're gonna move out
of your parents' house?
Because, like, honestly,
like, she's not looking
for another kid.
You think I'm a kid?
Are you ready to be a stepdad?
[Brandi] What's gonna make it
to where you're gonna move
out of your parents' house?
Because, like, honestly,
like, she not looking
for another kid.
You think I'm a kid?
So are you ready to be
a stepdad?
[sighs]
I have to ask that
because I'm a single parent,
I have three kids.
So I have to think that
the person that I'm dating
is gonna accept
the entire package.
[River] So Megan
and I talked about it.
She said she doesn't need me
to try
to be a stepdad right now,
you know, we're taking
things very slow.
And we're taking things
very serious, you know?
She's been very transparent
with me.
And that's one reason
why I like her because
she's transparent,
she's true to herself,
and she always is
honest with me.
So you're good with being a
stepdad? You're good with jumping in?
- [Megan] We don't have to answer that yet.
- Really?
We don't have
to answer that yet.
[Nicole] From the get-go,
I need to make sure
- that he's okay.
- No, but we don't, though.
That's where you need to
trust and understand the fact
that I've spoken
to him about this
- and that he and are on the same page.
- But we need to hear about it.
But you don't, though.
Is this your relationship
or is it my relationship?
I really thought that it was
going to be, like, a really relaxed,
chill night where
they just get to meet him
and hang out, and I don't know
what happened.
They just... They just all,
like, it was like a bunch
of like guard dogs, like, argh.
I love the fact that you're
so concerned about me
and my future,
but trust in the fact
that I'm also,
like, a great mother.
[Brandi] Can we just move
to the cake?
Come on. Let's go.
Let's go figure out the cake.
[Nicole] Let's go see
how this cake goes.
With the icing.
[River] Her friends, kind of,
jumped the gun to say,
you know, "Are you ready
to be a stepfather?"
That was not
what it was supposed be about.
This was the time for them
to get to meet me
and I really feel
like they did not get a chance
to meet me.
Like, I feel like,
uh, I was just there
and they were all trying
to pick on me a little bit.
You wanna go check on them?
[Ashley] Okay.
- Are you okay?
- Yeah, I'm fine,
but your friends are...
They are really,
uh, something, you know?
- [laughs]
- Yeah.
- Are you still good?
- Yeah, I'm all right.
Yeah?
I'm good. I'm good.
I'm better now, though.
Like, I'm a lot better.
Yeah, like,
honestly, let's go
sit over there again.
I can go through that ten times.
- Ten times is a lot.
- If it ends like this,
I'd go through that
a million times.
- Yeah?
- Hell, yeah.
[River] First kiss right
after, oh.
Megan has really soft lips,
like, I mean, you know,
I didn't...
I wasn't prepared for this,
to be honest with you.
I'm prepared now,
like, you know,
I'm just lost in the sauce
right now, man.
Let me just...
Give me a second, man.
Phew.
I got to hit the road, man.
I got a two-hour drive.
Yeah. It was nice meeting you.
Absolutely.
- I'll walk you to the door.
- Okay. Okay.
- [woman] Thanks, River.
- All right.
All right. Drive safely.
[River] I'll try. I'll try.
[Megan] I'm glad you
were able to come.
- [Megan] I'm gonna say that was
your... [mumbling] - [River] All right.
[Megan] It means a lot to me
that he was willing
to drive and come meet
my friends because obviously
it shows that, like,
I'm important for him.
[Megan] Oh, my God.
But my friends are definitely
concerned about him
still, like, staying
with his parents.
I didn't really think much
about it
until my friends brought it up.
It does make me wonder like,
"Well, what are
the next steps?"
Like, when do you think
you want to move out
and like, you know,
be on your own,
like, kind of, um, grow
that independence, really?
[River] Through the distance
and friends grilling me,
I still find myself,
like, uh, falling
for Megan every time
I talk to her.
So I feel like her
meeting my family is a...
is a logical next step.
I mean, I'm still,
kind of, like on the fence
about the whole thing.
My family, uh, the track record
is not too good, man, you know?
So it leads me
to worry a little bit.
All right. Be careful.
All right.
[upbeat music playing]
[Alejandro] Today, I'm
visiting my aunt Alejandra.
She's one of my closest aunt
here in New York.
I want to talk to her
about all the events
that has happened lately,
uh, with me,
and Nicole, and her family.
[in Spanish]
- [in Spanish]
- [Alejandro in Spanish]
- [Alejandra in Spanish]
[Alejandro in Spanish]
[in Spanish]
[Alejandro] I think, like, I
wasn't to supposed to say that.
I wasn't supposed to respond
back to the girl,
but it was a mistake
that I made.
I apologized to her for that
but, like,
Nicole was overreacting.
Okay, there are certain
things that we can work out,
but the problem with her
family... I don't know.
I don't think it can be fixed.
[in Spanish]
[Alejandro in Spanish]
[bleep]
[in Spanish]
[Alejandro in Spanish]
- [Alejandra in Spanish]
- [Alejandro in Spanish]
- [in Spanish]
[in Spanish]
[Alejandro in Spanish]
- [Alejandra in Spanish]
- [in Spanish]
[Alejandra in Spanish]
[in Spanish]
[Alejandro in Spanish]
[Alejandra in Spanish]
[in Spanish]
[Alejandro] I really need
to talk to Nicole.
I really need her
to let me explain
my side of the story.
I know what I did
and I apologized to her
many times.
I really see a future
with Nicole,
um, as long as she wants to.
But at the end of the day,
this family is crazy,
this family is very toxic
and dysfunctional.
I really want to be with her,
but I'm not gonna be
dealing with that... [bleep]
[in Spanish]
[Chantel] I asked Pedro,
"Did your mom know
that your dad
had another family?"
[Karen] His mother chose
to create a family
with that married man
who already has a family?
[Chantel] Like, what did
she think? Did she think
he was working all day
and came home late at night?
I don't know.
[in Spanish]
[Alejandro in Spanish]
[upbeat music playing]
[Chantel] Hey.
Hi.
[Karen] Thank you for coming.
Look at all this great stuff.
[Chantel] This Christmas
store has everything we need.
Yes, it does.
It's been a few days since
we've gotten back
from South Carolina.
[Chantel] And the two of us
are going
ornament shopping today.
And we're getting ready
for a holiday gathering.
- Not a Christmas party.
- Mmm-mmm.
We're making the distinction
to say
that we are having a holiday
party out of respect
for Winter and Jah,
who's welcomed.
Even though we have different
beliefs,
all are welcome.
[Chantel] You have to have
little elves.
[Karen] Oh, little elves,
that reminds me of Pedro.
Oh, my gosh, look at that.
- [Chantel] Why?
- [Karen laughs]
It's, like, "Hola.
Hola, Karen."
That's your little...
[in Spanish]
Why does it remind you of Pedro?
- It just does.
- [Chantel] Which one?
Both of them.
[Chantel] Okay.
So Pedro told me the other day
that he wants to go to the DR
because he's looking
for his father.
He met his cousin in New York
and he wants to meet
that side of his family.
I think that's good, Chantel.
I hope he finds his father,
that's important.
Uh, of course, yeah.
I think for sure,
absolutely he needs to
go and find out
about his dad's side
of the family.
But it's really bewildering
to me,
like, I can't fathom that her...
His mom wouldn't have
told him anything.
You know, he's 29 years old now.
Here we are in adulthood
and you still
haven't had a conversation
with your mom about your dad.
[Karen] Maybe he was afraid,
you know, he was scared.
You need to make Pedro
understand
that he has nothing to be
ashamed of.
[Chantel] Well, he thinks that
I'm trying to judge him.
I asked him a question
and he got really defensive
about it.
[Karen] And that question was?
Did your mom know
that your dad
had another family?
I just wanted to know
and he thinks that
- I was trying to...
- [Karen] Insult her?
Insult her.
[Chantel]
Pedro told me that he...
never spent time with his dad.
His dad only came at night
when he was asleep.
He said that every time
in the night
when his dad came,
his mom put him to bed.
But I was wondering
if maybe Lidia
had a sense that
he was messing around on her
and going to somewhere else...
Like, what did she think?
Did she think
he was working all day
and came home late at night?
I don't know.
Like, I just wanted to know,
like, what did she think
or when did she realize that
he had another family?
I wasn't trying
to disrespect his mother
in front of him.
But I guess,
since I had in the past,
he thought that I was trying
to, um, like, come for her
or something
but I really just wanted
to know.
[Karen] Listen, all I can say
is I don't know anything
about their business,
but if his mother chose
to be involved
with a married man...
Create a family
with that married man
- who already has a family...
- Well, I don't know
if she did it by choice or not.
[Karen] It was an accident?
That right there,
that is none of my business,
really.
And I'm not talking
about anybody,
I'm just talking about
what I'm talking about.
When you asked Pedro
if his mother knew
that that man
was already married
and had a whole family
over there
when she decided to have
a relationship with him
- and make one child...
- He got upset.
And then after a few...
a few years later,
that married man
with family over there
then have another child?
That's confusing
for a young child.
That's painful and I really,
really hope
Pedro finds the answers
he's looking for.
You know what,
just... I think you need
- to support him. I think...
- [Chantel] And I don't know how.
[Karen] Support him
in that you'll just,
um, support his decision.
And this time
just, you know, stay aback.
[Chantel] It really brings
Pedro a lot of pain
and I felt really bad about it.
Yeah, my heart goes out to him,
I really hope he finds his father,
I hope he finds
what he's looking for.
But I think he's making the...
He's taking a step
in the right direction
right now.
[sighs]
[Alejandro in Spanish]
The problem with her family,
I don't know,
uh, I don't think
it can be fixed.
[in Spanish]
[soft music playing]
I totally regret to meet up
with Pedro
because he's an [bleep].
He took me out of my character
and, uh, I really didn't
want to fight
but there was no other option
in that case, I think.
I want to make amends
with Nicole,
I really love her.
And maybe I did something wrong,
something that she didn't like.
But I didn't [bleep] on her.
This was a misunderstanding,
this was...
this was a misinterpretation.
And I would like her
to give me a chance.
[phone ringing]
[Alejandro speaking]
[Nicole in Spanish]
[Alejandro in Spanish]
[in Spanish]
[Nicole in Spanish]
[Alejandro in Spanish]
[in Spanish]
[Alejandro] Pedro thinks
that he's my boss
or my father.
He's nothing to me,
like, he's meaningless.
He's nobody, nothing.
If I see him again,
I'm gonna [bleep] him up,
period.
[in Spanish]
A liar.
[Alejandro in Spanish]
[Nicole in Spanish]
[in Spanish]
[Nicole speaking]
Okay.
I think that I can make
things right
and I can be a better boyfriend
or a better husband
in the future.
I was inclined to really hash it
with her mother and her brother
but after...
That attitude
that Pedro had with me,
I don't think it can be fixed.
[in Spanish]
[dramatic music playing]
Are you still upset with me?
[Pedro speaking]
[Lidia in Spanish]
[in Spanish]
Hey, man, you know,
I met somebody.
[laughs]
I wanna give a toast to love.
[Chantel] Speaking of love,
are there any prospects?
River.
I met somebody.
[gasps]
Before we open this,
I have something
I wanted to say to you.
This is the moment of truth.
I'm not nervous, I just,
you know,
I'm excited just to finally
be able
to do this and I just pray
that she says yes.
Will you marry me?